❯ So far, you have been formalizing monolithic.tex. In the                     
  OmnisciencePrinciples file, there is a proof of LLPO, which I think you have  
  tried to formalize in parts 3-6 of the work directory. I don't follow these   
  files, and I want you to write new files called LLPOWork, in which you redo   
  this work in a more organized and clear way. Make sure you follow the         
  argument structure in the omniscienceprinciples file. Also prove first that   
  N_infty is a Stone space, and then go over the argument. 

  ❯ I like your work in parts 1 and 2. I want you to clean them up though.        
  Please split it into a file on the axioms of the paper, and a file on the     
  results of open and closed propositions. I don't want you to delete part 1    
  and 2, just make the new files.

  ❯ In CLAUDE.md, I have given you instrunctions on cleaning. Use these to clean 
  all that's written. If a file in work turns out to be useless entirely, I'm   
  fine if you delete it.
  -- This wasn't that useful a command, there's still a lot of unnecessary things remaining, and it mostly deleted it's own comments (I didn't check all files). 
  ❯ continue working and cleaning. I see you prefer using cong over equational    
  reasoning. Please Don't do that. I prefer equational reasoning. Change your   
  own md file to   make sure you don't do that anymore.

  ❯ by the way, triangular I think already exists in the library                  
  (Cubical.Data.Nat.Bijections has the N x N = N bijection you want)   

  ❯ I've update the cubical library and something broke. Fix this please.
  ❯ See your instrunctions in CLAUDE.md I want you to keep on working and never  
  ask for permissions (I'll be asleep). Change the file if you wish to do so. 

❯ You have made mistake in part01. A proposition P is closed if there *merely   
  exists* a sequence alpha such that P is equivalent to alpha being constantly  
  0. I have fixed this mistake in part01, but of course, it has propogated. I   
  want you to fix the rest of your work.       

❯ nvim see your CLAUDE.md File for construnctions, keep cleaning again.         

> See CLAUDE.md. I added point 6 about fixing the definition of closed propositions, please proceed to fix it. Keep working, and don't ask for permissions. 
> While you're at it, if you can refactor the definitions of open and closed to use \leftrightarrow, that would be great. 
> most of the time, I think you should be able to use PT.rec if you're using a proposition❯ There is a mistake in isOpenProp, this should be a proposition, not a         
  sigma-type. Please fix all the resulting effects. You are not allowed to      
  postulate anything, but you are allowed to re-introduce the sigma-type under  
  a different name (maybe explicitly open, idk). Keep working and formalizing   
  when you're done. Then go back to cleaning.             

> most of the time, I think you should be able to use PT.rec if you're using a proposition. 
> See Claude.md Don't ask me for any permissions, just keep on working forever. 
> Is there something you can add to your CLAUDE.md file to make sure this doesn't happen again (It timed out/ran out of context window). 
> you can also add something about splitting the work file into comprehensible sections. 
> continue working, yes. 

❯ See Claude.md. Reorganize according to the instrunctions there. Make sure    
  you don't ask me for any permissions. I will be going away. You can change    
  the CLAUDE.md file to make sure you keep working and give yourself            
  instrunctions so that the context window doesn't close.    

❯ can you use the files here (and maybe FreeCase and QuotientCase) to           
  complete the proof that is-countably-presented-\omega and                     
  is-countably-presented-\omega' are equivalent?   

❯ also update your CLAUDE.md file so that this is the problem you're now        
  working on. Don't ask me for permissions, keep working.              

❯ I would like a summary on all the work that has been done on the category of  
  countably presented Boolean algebras. This should include the definition of   
  the category Boole\omega, the definition of the category of Stone spaces,     
  and a module over Stone duality saying there is an anti-equivalence between   
  Stone and Boole\omega, whose sides are Sp and taking decidable subsets.   

  Sorry when I say summary, I mean an agda file with all results. 

❯ Does it contain a proof that the adjunction is actually an equivalence        
  adjuntion? If not, please add it.

  note the adjunction is only an equivalence when restricted to countably     
  presented Boolean rings, this is the difficulty        

I want you to finish a proof of the following: If i'm given a Boolean Ring (but this fact should also hold for all the algebraic definitions (CommRing, Ring, monoid, etc) below it), and a proposition-valued predicate on the underlying type (a subset in this case), then if that subset is closed under + , -, 0 , 1, \cdot, it defines a subBooleanRing.

❯ great, perfect. While you're at it, the same construction should work for     
   all the other algebraic structures used in the definitions (like            
  isCommRing). Could you also proof the same subalgebra thing for those         
  structures and factor this proof trough those.                                


❯ Hej I have just synced the library I'm building to here. Make sure            
  everything works. When you're done with that, finish the proof in NfinCofin   
  that NfinCofinBA is countably presented. When you're done with that, change   
  your own work (I think it's in part 2) to use this version for LLPO. Keep     
  working, don't ask for permissions, I'll be away.  
  -- note from me, there should only be one extension of this proof. 

                                                       
❯ No stop, I see you're using postulates. This is not allowed. Change your own  
  instructions so you never use postulates. Also, the function                  
  FiniteOrCofiniteBA \to FreeBA N / relations should terminate. A finite set    
  should be sent to the disjunctions of it's finitely many generators. A        
  cofinite set should be sent to the conjunction of the negations of the        
  corresponding list.                                                           
───────────────────────       

❯ I was working in NFinCofin. I want you to finish this proof to show that     
  there's an equivalence between NfinCofin and presentation.

❯ You've done some work in this direction already. I want a proof that if an   
  operation between underlying sets of boolean rings preserves negation, one    
  of conjunction or disjunction and one of 0 or 1, then it's a boolean ring     
  morphism. Give me some nice library for that.     

❯ There is in the mounted version of FormalizationSSD a file called NfinCofin   
  (in CountablyPresentedBooleanRing/Examples). I want you to finish the proof   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
❯ okay wait I realized something, I don't want to prove that after all, I only 
  need that the induced map to the presentation is a morphism I think (in the   
  end I want them to form an equivalence, and I need this result to show that   
  that it's sufficient for one round trip to see that they agree on             
  generators)                    that conjunction is preserved.
  -- This is wrong I think and it decided it didn't need permissions, so didn't do much :(

❯ You are in a virtual box working on a library called formalizationSSD. I     
  have decided to restructure your work. I used to copy the files to this       
  directory, but I instead now mounted a copy here. Please make sure you can    
  read /FormalizationSSD and run agda on those files. When you've done that,    
  clean up the files here that are also present in /FormalizationSSD. 

❯ hej there is both in the mounted /FormalizationSSD and here a file called    
  NFinCofin. I want you to do two things: clean up this directory so you don't  
  have copies from the mounted folder, and then finish the proofs in            
  NFinCofin.                                                                    
───────────────────────

❯ I see that you're still using an outdated version of the cubical library.    
  You are in a virtual machine and have somehow set up a way to run my cubical  
  library on the host machine. However, mine is on a different branch and you   
  seem to work with the main branch. Please make it so you follow the host      
  machine's branch.                                                             
──────────────────────────────


❯ I see you still have a hole for the intersection of cofinite case. As a      
  suggestion, use deMorgan and prove that the union is also preserved. While    
  you're at it, I think you can make use of more library code (classification   
  of Boolean algebra morphisms, \negInvol come to mind immediately). Also I'm   
  not sure all the names are good, please use some more descriptive names.      
  It's okay if they are long. So clean up and continue. btw, you were using     
  the wrong library, and another agent is fixing that so if mistakes arrive     
  from there, fix them.                                                         

❯ Hej I got a tip to use the universal properties of Quotients instead. I like 
  this suggestion a lot, and think you should implement it. The goal is to      
  show that if you have a quotient Q of a boolean Ring B by the image of some   
  function f, then any boolean ring C that has the following universal          
  property : (if X isa boolean ring, we have a map from B -> X sending          
  everthing in the image of f to 0, then we have a map from C to X) must be     
  equivalent to Q.           

❯ looks good, now induce it to streamline the proof that NFinCofin is          
  equivalent to it's presentation.     

❯ Okay but now you use your old work for this extension property. I want you   
  to *refactor* the proof of the equivlanece. I'm okay if you delete your own   
  old work (and maybe even mine, don't worry I've backed it all up where you    
  can't touch it). I want the resulting proof for the presentation being        
  correct to be as short and quickly compiling as possible. (without using      
  postulates of course).       

❯ Hej you are in a virtual box in a shared project. I have changed your         
  setup so that your old Library is now a mounted repository in                
  /FormalizationSSD. As a consequence, the files you created don't run          
  anymore. Please fix it and make it so they will also when I share the         
  SharedWithHostFolder via git to another host machine.       

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── ▪▪▪ ─
❯ I want you to rewrite Presentation. It should make use of the universal      
  property described in                                                         
  /FormalizationSSD/BooleanRing/BooleanRingQuotients/UnviersalProperty. I       
  think this can be used to make it shorter.

❯ I feel you're not rewriting, you have used the old results to derive the new 
  results. I want you to remove the old way of doing it and instead only        
  prove the new way. So have one new NFinCofin file where you prove the         
  presentation. When you're done, conclude that NFinCofin is countably          
  presented (hint in Cubical.Data.Nat.Bijections there is a proof that N x N    
  is N).      

❯ Can you clean up the work, there are some useless results now. If you need    
  help for a good definition of clean, see Cleaning.md                          
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

❯ Okay I want you to write the file again as PresentationNew.agda using the    
  universal property as early as possible and I think you don't need to do all  
  the same steps now.  

❯ also I prefer to work not with opening many modules with a name and then      
renaming, but using derived instances. Do you understand this or should I show  
it to you?     

  ❯ oh also I see you use Trichotomy (=N) when splitting on <= or < would       
suffice. You could use \leq-split instead in those cases. Example in          
eval-embedUpTo-fst                                                            
❯ Also, I prefer equational reasoning over just composition of equalities     
so I can see the intermediate steps See for example eval-embedUpTo-above

❯ I saw you're doing a large rewrite in one go to change all the names. This    
  is in principle not wrong, but when a human would do it, they could make use  
  of just doing find and replace. If something would still go wrong, they     
  would use the agda system to see what went wrong. Is there a way I can train
  you to use the agda system better?
1. Find-and-replace: I should use the Edit tool with replace_all for renamings
   instead of rewriting entire files. That's safer and mirrors what a human     
  would do with find-and-replace.                                               
  2. Incremental changes + compile: Instead of rewriting 685 lines in one go, I 
  should make small edits, compile after each, and use Agda's error messages to 
  fix issues. When something breaks, the error message tells me exactly what's  
  wrong.                                                                        
  3. Holes for diagnostics: When I'm unsure about a term's type, I can insert {!
   !} and compile to see the goal/context, rather than guessing.                
  4. Small batches: Change a few related things at a time, compile, fix, repeat.

  I'll save this as a workflow preference. Let me continue with the pending
  changes using this approach — small edits with compile checks between them.


Also I have many questions to you right now, and some of those could be done  
  in parallel by parallel agents. How could I use you better?

  Now to answer your second question: How to use me better with parallel work.  
                                                                                
  You can give me multiple independent tasks in a single message and I'll launch
   parallel agents. For example:                                                
  - "In parallel: (1) replace Trichotomy with splitℕ-≤ in eval-embedUpTo-fst,   
  (2) convert eval-embedUpTo-above to equational reasoning style"               
  - Or: "In parallel: (1) search for all uses of X in the codebase, (2) check if
   lemma Y exists in the Cubical library"

  The key constraint: parallel agents work on isolated copies (worktrees), so
  their edits don't conflict. For edits to the same file, it's better to do them
   sequentially. For research/exploration tasks, parallel is great.

  For your current workflow, good parallel patterns would be:
  - Research in parallel: "Find all uses of Trichotomy" + "Find the type of
  Dichotomyℕ" + "Check what ≤-split returns"
  - Independent file edits: changes to different files simultaneously
  - Research + edit: one agent researches while I edit something unrelated

❯ question: do you yourself handle these parallel agents? Like do you have your 
 own edit-questions queue internally?                                           
                                                                                
● To answer your question: Yes, I can launch multiple agents in a single message
   and they run concurrently as subprocesses. I don't have an internal queue    
  exactly — I send multiple tool calls in one response, they execute in         
  parallel, and I get all the results back together. For research tasks         
  (searching the codebase, checking library definitions), this works great. For 
  edits to the same file, it's better to do them sequentially since they'd
  conflict.

  The main limitation: I can only launch agents when I'm "speaking" — I can't
  queue up work while waiting for results. So the parallelism is per-response,
  not background task management.

  Now let me continue converting more proofs. Let me look at some of the longer
  ∙ chains that would benefit most:

And how do I make sure these workflow preferences persist along sessions on   
different machines ?                                                            

● Bash(timeout 60 /project/agda PresentationNew.agda 2>&1; RC=$?; if [ $RC -eq
      124 ]; then echo "TIMEOUT after 1min"; elif [ $RC -eq 0 ]; then echo
      "SUCCESS"; else ech…)                                                     
  ⎿  Checking formalization.StoneDuality.NFinCofin.PresentationNew (/CanTou
     ch/FormalizationSSD-AI-attempts/formalization/StoneDuality/NFinCofin/P     
     resentationNew.agda).                                        
     SUCCESS                          
  ⎿  (timeout 2m)                                                               
                                                                                
● To answer your question about persisting workflow preferences across machines:
                                                                                
  There are two mechanisms:                                                     
                                                                                
  1. CLAUDE.md (checked into the repo) — This is already in your repo at        
  /CanTouch/FormalizationSSD-AI-attempts/CLAUDE.md. Since it's in git, it
  persists across any machine that clones the repo. I always read it at the     
  start of every conversation. 
  This is the best place for project-wide
  preferences like "use equational reasoning", "use splitℕ-≤ over Trichotomy",
  "use instance resolution over module renaming".
  2. Memory files (per-machine, at ~/.claude/projects/.../memory/) — These are
  local to a machine and don't sync. They're good for machine-specific notes but
   NOT for cross-machine persistence.

  So for your workflow preferences to persist across machines, add them to
  CLAUDE.md. Want me to add the preferences we discussed (equational reasoning,
  splitℕ-≤, incremental edits, use Agda holes for diagnostics) to your
  CLAUDE.md?

I answered yes to that. 
❯ There's still some places which could improve with equaitonal reasoning, and  
smarter compositions. For example, on line 674, I now see some equality         
composition in a funExt call which even uses funExt^-. You can also use         
equaitonal reasoning within funExt and CommRingHom=

❯ Also if proofs should be obvious in any rings, like rearrrange-\vee, you      
  could use the CommRing solve! tactic. This is more human readable. You can   
  add this to the permanent settings also.
    ❯ For example usage of solve!, see the BooleanRing file in cubical            
 also is there a way to get you to see what's efficient and nice by using the  
agda system? For example, reload the file and see if the loading slows down or  
gets faster ? It added stuff to the claude.md file for this also. 

❯ As you see I'm now editing the file a bit. I want to put all the              
implementation details in a big module (which I've already done) so nothing is  
exposed, but there is the choice of a user to expose it. However, everything in 
 private blocks is then not exposed. So get rid of all the private blocks for   
me, and make sure you always work in this manner.
❯ note again you can do one change and then a quick check all the time          


❯ in LLPO.tex you see a new formalization order. Some work in this direction   
  has already been done, but I want a clean rewrite of LLPO from the axioms of  
  Stone duality and surjections are formal surjections. This might require      
  some rewriting of Ninfty, it should be oriented to formalizing the proof in   
  LLPO.tex. Please work on that and change your claude.md file to remember      
  that this is your current goal. While you're working on it, I might be away,  
  so keep working and never ask for permissions. But I do want to inspect       
  your process, so if you make inbetween plans, please leave some summaries of  
  those plans as files in a folder called LLPOwork (also write your             
  formalization in that folder).          
