❯ another proof that overtly discrete types are closed under products should   
  be that they are sequential colimits of finite types, which are closed under  
  sigma (this should be formalized in cubicaltt, but I'm not sure these         
  results are in the cubical library). Is it possible you translate the         
  cubicaltt proof to the cubical library setting?     -- This crashed. 
  ❯ In https://florisvandoorn.com/papers/sequential_colimits_homotopy.pdf there  
  is a paper explaining that sequential colimits are closed under Sigma and     
  identity types. It points to a cubicaltt formalization in                     
  https://github.com/mortberg/cubicaltt/blob/seqcolim/examples/seqcolim.ctt. I  
  want those results in cubical agda. Can you formalize this for me?

  ❯ you should translate the cubicalTT code (make clear that you translated it    
and you are an AI)             
 complete my work in FormalizationSSD/PropositionalTopology. Do not work in   
  that directory and do all your work here. I think there's only conjunction    
  of open there, when you're done with that you can do some implications of     
  conjunctions of countable families of closed and disjunction of of countable  
  families of open.

  ❯ okay can you combine the translation and your own work to proof it maybe?    
  You can also use the paper                                                    
  https://florisvandoorn.com/papers/sequential_colimits_homotopy.pdf

❯ Note I have adapted some of your proofs into the formalizationSSD library,   
  but I'd like you to use a slightly different proof style here which makes it  
  easier for me to read. You should use helper functions with uncurry and       
  curry and rec when you use bijections of natural numbers. I don't like fwd    
  and such as function names, but prefer something more descriptive (what       
  implies what?) For the functions that are dependent on Markov, LLPO and the   
  like, please write modules.      
  ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
❯ change the file so it imports the results and definitions in                
  formalizationSSD and you remove results that are already there in your file.  
                                                                                
──────────────────────────────────────────────
okay great, there's more work I want you to finish here. It's NxN-diag-count  
in Formalization/Countability/Instances. I want you to work only here and not   
change any files in the library there

-- In the meantime, on the xBR proof via Sigma of Odisc: 
Okay maybe we should do some conversation on the literature first. So there   
is this paper bij Doorn, Rijke and Sojakova. I understood there was a           
formalization attempt by them, Might there be something in the univalent maths  
library on sequential colimits?

❯ okay I'm going to make the question easier. In the end, I only care about    
  the sequential colimits of (finite) sets. Lots of results should be easier    
  there. So can you write a new file, containing a type of sequential limits    
  of sets, and show that for a sequence of sets all of (propositional           
  truncation, Sigma, identity types) commute with colimits.

❯ can you write a new file for sequential colimits of sets using the           
  definitions of sequences already in the agda library? In this file, please    
  only proof the things that don't require postulates or TERMINATING flags. 

  ❯ So one thing that I think should be provable is the universal property of    
  the colimit of a sequence as colimit. So a map out of the colimit is          
  determined from the maps out of the objects in the sequence and witnesses     
  that they respect the maps between them, furthermore this map is unique and   
  any other object which has this property is isomorphic to the colimit of the  
  sequence.                                        

❯ I see you now use that the sequential colimit is a set, but is it not        
  sufficient to require that all the terms in the sequence are sets?

 ah okay cool. Now I think you can show with this that is you have a sequence 
  of sets, the colimit can be given by the total space of the sequence,         
  quotiented out by the relations given by push. push lands in a set in this    
  case, that should be the quotient of a set by propositions, which should be   
  a set. Can you use this to show that the sequential colimit of sets is a      
  set?                                       
  ❯ You claim PushRel is a proposition. Can you prove this?                       

❯ why does it need to be a datatype? It has only one constructor.
❯ okay now can you prove that if you start with a set and do quotient by a     
  prop-valued relation, then you still end up with a set? I think this should   
  be doable by a case distinction on the two things that should be equal (I     
  recall having something similar in freeBATerms surjection proof).     
  ❯ okay you have convinced me it's not doable. I'm not convinced yet that you    
need B to be a set in the universal property though. Can you look at this       
again? Where does the use of B being a set come up?
❯ Can you explain to me the colimit characterization? I think it might be      
  missing the condition that the extension is unique, meaning that if I have d  
  : Cocone X C, there is this extension recB : B -> C such that rescrcitFrom    
  c (recB d) = d, , but that if there is any other map f : B -> C such that     
  restrictFromc f = d, then f = recB. I think this condition should be part of  
  the colimit characterization (instead of retB) and then you shouldn't         
  require that B is a set.    

❯ Okay great, can we now proof that if we have the set quotient of the total   
  space as described before, this satisfies the universal property?    
  ❯ If I follow it now, we don't need the postulate anymore because we don't     
  need the (non-set)-quotient anymore, and we can use the fundamental property  
  and the set quotient right?
❯ Okay maybe the argument isn't expanded enough. Have you used that sequential 
  colimits are filtered, which implies that if two elements in Xn are equal     
  in the colimit, they will already be equal in some X_m? Can you prove this    
  for sequential colimit and then use this to change your proof of the          
  sequential colimit being a set?                 

  ❯ Okay I claim that for any terms x y of the sequential colimit, we have that  
  x = y if and only if there is some (n , a) (m , b) in the total space with    
  incl a = incl b and some ( k , c) in the total space with k>n,m and the       
  unique map Xn-> X_k sends a to c and Xm -> X_k sends b to c. Can you proof    
  this bi-implication? Even better, can we characterize the equality in the     
  colimit in such a way?
  ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
❯ okay when you've done that, continue working on the filteredness section. See how far you get, I will be away for some
  time. Keep working on the equality characterization, and please name your functions in a more descriptive way then
  encode/decode (so from A to B A->B or something).
  ❯ Hej, we have a new idea to show that sequential colimits of sets are sets.   
  First you look up the result that a type X is a set iff (S^1 -> X) is         
  equivalent to X (this should be easy, the idea is that any equality x = x is  
  equal to refl if equalities are propositions). Then we show that maps S^1     
  to the colimit of X_i is the colimit of maps S^1 -> X_i (this might be more   
  difficult, it should follow from reasoning about finitely presented objects   
  interacting with colimits, which is definitely not in the cubical library,    
  but might be in some other library). Then if all the X_i are sets, the        
  colimits of maps S^1 -> X_i is a colimit of X_i, which is what we wanted.     
  Please start a new file and see how far you can get with this argument.
  --it crashed, I wanted to formalize the paper, I give it the paper.
  ❯ I have downloaded Spectral/Colimit and the paper bij van Doorn Rijke and      
  Sojakova. I want a formalization in cubical agda of results that sequential   
  colimits are closed under Sigma and identity types. There's a claim there is  
  already a lean formalization, and you should be able to translate it.
   3 postulates remaining:                                                       
                                                                                
  1. toFrom: toRecursive ∘ fromRecursive ≡ id — boundary issue where refl ∙ refl
   ≠ refl definitionally                                          
  2. FG-full: bwdG ∘ fwdF ≡ id — comp in bwdG0's gl case doesn't reduce         
  3. GF-full: fwdF ∘ bwdG ≡ id — double induction with ΣPathP                   
                                                                                
  All three postulates stem from the same root cause: Cubical Agda's hcomp/comp 
  for HITs doesn't reduce on variable arguments, unlike cubicaltt where the     
  pattern matching on HITs automatically provides the fillers. The postulates   
  are mathematically valid and correspond to proven results in the cubicaltt and
   Lean formalizations.

✻ Baked for 35m 55s                  
                                                                             
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
❯ can you use encode/decode to write something equivalent to the identity       
  types to get around this?                                                     
────────────────────────────────────
 I have downloaded Spectral/Colimit and the paper bij van Doorn Rijke and      
  Sojakova. I want a formalization in cubical agda of results that sequential   
  colimits are closed under Sigma and identity types. There's a claim there is  
  already a lean formalization, and you should be able to translate it. Write   
  yourself a local claude.md file in some folder stating that that paper is     
  your current formalization goal instead of monolithic.tex and work on it      
  untill there are no postulates or terminating flags left.

  ❯ where are Torsors defined in the cubical library?                             
                                                                                
  Searched for 1 pattern (ctrl+o to expand)                                     
                                                                                
● No results — torsors are not defined in the cubical library.                  
                                                                                
❯ maybe as deloopings of groups?                                                
                                                                                
  Searched for 3 patterns, read 2 files (ctrl+o to expand)                      
                                                                                
● The cubical library doesn't have a dedicated "Torsor" module. What it does    
  have for deloopings of groups:                                                
                                                                                
  - Cubical.HITs.EilenbergMacLane1.Base — EM₁ G is the delooping of a group G as
   a HIT (with embase, emloop : G → embase ≡ embase, groupoid truncation). This 
  is the general K(G,1).                                                        
  - Cubical.HITs.Delooping.Two.Base — Bℤ₂, the explicit delooping of ℤ/2.
  - Cubical.Homotopy.EilenbergMacLane.Base — higher Eilenberg–Mac Lane spaces   
  K(G,n).                                                                       
                                                                                
  In HoTT, a G-torsor is a pointed connected groupoid, which is exactly what EM₁
   G gives you — the type of G-torsors is EM₁ G, and individual torsors are its
  elements. But the library doesn't formalize the torsor perspective explicitly 
  (free/transitive G-actions, etc.). It's all packaged into the delooping HIT.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
❯ Ah okay, in this case, please formalize the result in the personal note I    
  give you in the torsors file.
